=== 0.4.0 released 2011-02-22

* Add option <tt>-r</tt> to reverse the order of showing tweets
* Show retweets as whole tweets
* Properly display error message on invalid argument to <tt>--page</tt> or
  <tt>--num</tt> options
* Fix deprecation warning about <tt>URI.escape</tt> on MRI 1.9.2
* Minor cleanups

=== 0.3.2 released 2010-11-17

* Drop <tt>json</tt> gem dependency from gemspec in order to allow the user to
  choose the JSON parser implementation
* Minor cleanups

=== 0.3.1 released 2010-11-14

* Fix regression bug: shorten HTTPS URLs also
* Fix wrong gem creation date from gemspec

=== 0.3.0 released 2010-11-11

* OAuth for authentication and authorization
* Almost complete rewrite of the implementation with a lot of tests
* Configurable config file location with <tt>-f</tt> option
* Ensure encoding status update in UTF-8

=== 0.2.12 released 2010-04-17

* Since this is a command line application, provide documentation as gem
  manual
* Fix highlighting of URLs when partial URLs match
* Improve test code structure

=== 0.2.11 released 2010-02-28

* Fix compatibility with rest-client 1.4.0

=== 0.2.10 released 2010-02-28

* Fixed a bug in retrying connection upon connection failure: the last attempt
  to connect, after 64 seconds, was missing
* Small implementation improvements

=== 0.2.9 released 2010-02-24

* HTTP proxy support
* A Bash completion support script is packed in the gem

=== 0.2.8 released 2010-01-17

* Unescape basic HTML encoding when displaying statuses
* Retry connection on timeout

=== 0.2.7 released 2009-12-22

* Formatted help texts so that they do not exceed 80 chars in width.

=== 0.2.6 released 2009-12-22

* Command <tt>search</tt> allows searching statuses.
* Renamed option <tt>--colorize</tt> to <tt>--colors</tt>.
* Command <tt>home</tt> shows home timeline instead of friends timeline.
* Command <tt>help</tt> accepts argument for showing help about a command.
* Acceptance tests in <tt>example</tt> directory cover all commands.
* Reimplemented how application starts executing a specific command.

=== 0.2.5 released 2009-10-14

* Improved username highlighting for colorization. For example, email
  addresses are not highlighted as usernames anymore.
* Command line option <tt>--no-colorize</tt> to (temporarily) disable colors
  from the output.
* Added first set of acceptance tests under "example" directory.

=== 0.2.4 released 2009-09-16

* Retry connection upon connection reset, trying maximum of three times.
* Display proper version info on Ruby 1.8 when using option <tt>-v</tt>.
* Minor code cleanups.
* Release 0.2.3 is skipped due to my error in tagging the wrong commit.

=== 0.2.2 released 2009-09-03

* Highlight hashtags in statuses.
* URL shortening step shortens only unique URLs.
* URL shortening step is skipped if
  - there is a connection error to the URL shortening service, or
  - required libraries are not installed (nokogiri).
* Fixed a colorization bug for duplicate URLs.
* Removed dependencies to Rubygems.

=== 0.2.1 released 2009-08-17

* Command line option <tt>-v</tt> shows version information.
* Slight implementation code cleaning.

=== 0.2.0 released 2009-08-17

* URL shortening by using an external web service.
* Show a preview before sending status update.
* Avoid stack trace upon erroneous connection.

=== 0.1.11 released 2009-08-10

* Fixed highlighting multiple nicks in statuses.

=== 0.1.10 released 2009-08-09

* Improved URL highlight support.

=== 0.1.9 released 2009-07-15

* Added commands <tt>friends</tt> and <tt>followers</tt>.
* Removed dependency to the json gem. It is included in Ruby 1.9.

=== 0.1.8 released 2009-07-01

* SIGINT (Ctrl+c) is trapper earlier, resulting in clean abort while Ruby
  loads the program's required libraries.

=== 0.1.7 released 2009-06-07

* Small compatibility fix with Ruby 1.9.

=== 0.1.6 released 2009-06-07

* Improved URL highlighting.

=== 0.1.5 released 2009-06-06

* URLs of http(s) scheme are highlighted. Changed colors.
* Friendly abort message when interrupting the program with Ctrl+C.

=== 0.1.4 released 2009-05-12

* Command line option <tt>--page N</tt> fetches a specific status page.

=== 0.1.3 released 2009-05-05

* Empty status update indicates cancellation of the command.
* Other minor improvements.

=== 0.1.2 released 2009-05-04

* Renamed command <tt>friends</tt> to <tt>home</tt>.
* Added command <tt>mentions</tt>.
* When showing a status, indicate if it is a reply.
* Improved command line argument and configuration file parsing.

=== 0.1.1 released 2009-04-23

* Renamed command <tt>msg</tt> to <tt>update</tt>.
* If status update if longer than 140 characters, warn about it.

=== 0.1.0 released 2009-04-22

* Initial release with minimal functionality.
* Usable for quickly checking friends' statuses and sending status updates.
